Client Strategy Manager - Direct Mail
RR Donnelley
Feb 2017 - Present · 6 yrs 2 mos Chicago, Illinois

Senior Production Manager
Fusion92
May 2014 - Oct 2016 · 2 yrs 6 mos 
Chicago, IL
Collaborating proactively with account, creative teams and outside vendors, I develop budgets and estimates, assign resources, and provide project plans and timelines. Once projects are underway, I successfully manage timelines, coordinate resources and keep team members on task. I manage all out of house production, working closely with vendors to manage timelines, budgets and quality. Collaborating proactively with account, creative teams and outside vendors, I develop budgets and estimates, assign resources, and provide project plans and timelines. Once projects are underway, I successfully manage timelines, coordinate resources and keep team members on task. I manage all out of house production, working closely with vendors to manage timelines, budgets and quality.  

gyro
11 mos Chicago Freelance Proofreader Nov 2013 - May 2014 · 7 mos
Proofread collateral for grammar, punctuation, word choice and adherence to clients' brand guidelines.Proofread collateral for grammar, punctuation, word choice and adherence to clients' brand guidelines.

Interim Production Manager Jul 2013 - Nov 2013 · 5 mos Managed production studio for b2b creative agency. Track schedules, route projects for approval and monitor budgets. Make project recommendations, source projects and materials, estimate production costs, negotiate costs and manage vendor relationships. Traffic and release ads to publications.Managed production studio for b2b creative agency. Track schedules, route projects for approval and monitor budgets. Make project recommendations, source projects and materials, estimate production costs, negotiate costs and manage vendor relationships. Traffic and release ads to publications. 

Marketing Assistant, Writer Inquidia Consulting Dec 2010 - May 2014 · 3 yrs 6 mos 
Maintain social media presence through Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn posts, update website content, metatags and SEO. Write website copy, press releases, case studies.Maintain social media presence through Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn posts, update website content, metatags and SEO. Write website copy, press releases, case studies.

Copywriter Fish, Inc.Fish, Inc. Jun 2011 - Nov 2013 · 2 yrs 6 mosJun 2011 - Nov 2013 · 2 yrs 6 mos ChicagoChicago

Support creative services, write, edit and proofread copy for creative initiatives. - Preservation of Affordable Housing: Wrote copy incorporating new branding for http://www.poahchicago.org - Mid-America Club: Wrote copy and taglines for series of promotional postcards - Tenant Advisory Group: Wrote copy and headlines for http://www.tenantadgrp.com/ - Winston Legal Search: Worked with business owner to create original content for http://www.winstonlegalsearch.com/ - TruLuvGifts.com: Wrote copy headlines and monthly blog posts for http://www.truluvgifts.com/ - Jayne Alofs Realtor: Contributed to website copy and wrote monthly blogs for http://www.jaynealofs.com/ -Motivate Physical Therapy: Wrote direct mail copy -Mid American Group: Wrote brochure copy promoting new line of service
Support creative services, write, edit and proofread copy for creative initiatives. - Preservation of Affordable Housing: Wrote copy incorporating new branding for http://www.poahchicago.org - Mid-America Club: Wrote copy and taglines for series of promotional postcards - Tenant Advisory Group: Wrote copy and headlines for http://www.tenantadgrp.com/ - Winston Legal Search: Worked with business owner to create original content for http://www.winstonlegalsearch.com/ - TruLuvGifts.com: Wrote copy headlines and monthly blog posts for http://www.truluvgifts.com/ - Jayne Alofs Realtor: Contributed to website copy and wrote monthly blogs for http://www.jaynealofs.com/ -Motivate Physical Therapy: Wrote direct mail copy -Mid American Group: Wrote brochure copy promoting new line of service 

Education
University of Iowa School of Journalism and Mass Communication BS, Journalism and Mass Communications 1989 - 1993 Activities and societies: Alpha Gamma Delta, Sigma Alpha Iota, Marching Band, Concert Band
Activities and societies: Alpha Gamma Delta, Sigma Alpha Iota, Marching Band, Concert Band
 North Park University Master of Management 1999 - 2001 
Volunteering
Board President Neighborhood Parents Network Sep 2009 - Sep 2011 · 2 yrs 1 mo

Provided structure for the Board. Presided over meetings. Recruited and trained new board members. Worked closely with executive director on management of organization. Helped set the tone of the organization and keep in line with mission.Provided structure for the Board. Presided over meetings. Recruited and trained new board members. Worked closely with executive director on management of organization. Helped set the tone of the organization and keep in line with mission. 
Treasurer/Board President Friends of The Chicago Academy Oct 2007 - Jun 2013 · 5 yrs 9 mos

Organized the non-profit group to raise funds and provide volunteer support to The Chicago Academy Elementary School. Presided over the Board. Ran meetings. Organized fundraisers. Planned school family events.Organized the non-profit group to raise funds and provide volunteer support to The Chicago Academy Elementary School. Presided over the Board. Ran meetings. Organized fundraisers. Planned school family events.  Board Member
Board Member Trifecta Dance Collective Jan 2019 - Present · 4 yrs 3 mos

Arts and Culture The goal of the Trifecta Dance Collective is to ignite community dialogue through an artistic lens.The goal of the Trifecta Dance Collective is to ignite community dialogue through an artistic lens.

